[Music]
hello
welcome back to another video i hope
you're having a lovely day so far
today's one we're back with a white in a
day video
oh hello it's been a minute hasn't it
since i lasted one of these so i'm
really excited
to be back filming like this kind of
style i have like
mixed things up slightly recently and
what i mean by that is literally just
like
i've been trying some new protein
flavors like i'm really liking
the chocolate brownie in my oats and
stuff like that so i thought it was a
good day
to just you know share some of these
with you
but yeah i'll just jump straight into it
and i'll pop the macros and everything
on the screen like my normal kind of
format
before we do anything if you could hit
this video with a like it would really
help and support my channel and he's so
appreciated and we'll go ahead
for breakfast i'm just going to make
like a chunky
chocolate protein oats kind of bowl all
the toppings
i like to mix my toppings up like as
much as i can that way you just don't
ever really get bored
um and there's so much you can do
without bowls like that i'm always like
favorite sort of breakfast go-to
some big chunky oats here just using
some almond unsweetened
or i have quite liked recently using oat
milk too
i'm using this chocolate brownie
protein these are the toppings by the
way cashew nut butter toppings
desiccated coconut some sweet freedom
chocolate spread some mixed summer fruit
berries i'm going to microwave those in
a sec
some flaked almonds and then i'm going
to use about half a banana
i'm measuring out 40 grams of these oats
i always use a plastic container just
because i always find
if you cook them in like a ceramic bowl
you can never get the consistency right
like they always end up overcooking
so yeah this is definitely a must-have
200 grams of almond milk
just whilst i'm waiting for my oats to
um cook in the microwave
just wanting to show you these have got
to be up there is like one of my
favorite
gym shark leggings ever such a
flattering color like on
any skin tone i haven't worn a white
sports bra
in so long
so i'm using this chocolate brownie
protein
i find this is like way thicker which is
quite nice in
oats so i'm just going to add that
15 grams of protein
40 grams of these berries
then i'm just going to microwave these
literally just for a minute
that is 34 grams of banana
and then now just for the
cashew butter which is just oh my god my
favorite thing
ever
less than 400 calories and so so tasty
gonna sit and eat this goodness
[Music]
breakfast would just always hold a
special place in my heart honestly my
favorite meal you know some days when
your oat balls just hit different this
was one of them um
really like that chocolate brownie
flavor like if you have someone who
loves like jam that is the best thing
like just
like microwave your berries mash them up
a little bit oh we've got some sunshine
love that i'm just going to have a quick
coffee and some water and then
get to the gym
3a
[Music]
come on just really close your eyes and
screw up
[Music]
so just making a quick pre-workout i'm
trying a new flavor
it is lime mint mojito
i really like the flavors from this
brand not sponsored by the world just to
you know
um and for me
ice is a must pre-workout
um my old house we had like it was an
old fridge but it had an ice maker and i
missed that
so much like we've got quite a small uh
freezer here so it's so difficult
just looking at penelope's like sat
stone herself in the mirror
i've got to show you looking at yourself
in the mirror
she's by the way i get so many questions
on her and buster collar
it's literally because she has got
allergies so
under here you can see like
she just tries to eat away herself so
that is why she wears that
oh that smells so good i absolutely love
mojitos
[Music]
probably like one and a half kind of
scoops
oh my god that tastes so similar
really confused actually that is really
good
it's even quite a similar color all it
needs is some mint leaves and
you know we're sipping cocktails in the
gym
[Music]
what is it with um car lighting always
being the best like
when i'm in my house i find it so hard
to get just like bright lighting
i've got my pre-workout that's been
slipping on honestly
really really good honestly i feel like
i'm sleeping on mojito and i'm just
about to
head in to the gym i've got my workout
planned out it's a leg leg day
and quad focused come on i mean
um hip thrust squats leg press reverse
lunge
and some kickbacks um there's some like
funky machines i've not actually used in
here before so i'm going to try
to uh do use some of those
in my session um i've been loving my leg
days lately like
it's nice seeing yourself get stronger
[Music]
so
oh
[Music]
i so we are back
i always start with the word so in
everything i feel like on
my youtube videos and you've got a quick
shower after that again
i just got a quick shower anyway and had
the best leg day ever my
camera that died whilst i was in the car
park but i'm actually quite glad it
happened
in the car rather than like midway
through a session so i just used
my phone to like do some videos anyway
that happened to my old self and i've
just like
thought okay i won't go to a video today
um
but you know we made it through i'm just
looking i'm short distracted
i'm so upset one of my favorite plants
had
completely died didn't know
literally i cannot keep a single plant
alive and i'm just going to make some
lunch now so i've got some
turkey rashes i'll show you what i'm
going to make
but this is just one of my favorite
things ever so
satisfying and like like a heartly kind
of meal
turkey rashes these are amazing high
protein
32 cows i get these from asda and
they're not as like
hard as the audi ones so they're a must
um i'm gonna use an avocado some baby
leaf and rocket salad
my last trusty pitter obsessed with
those
and some eggs
[Music]
foreign
so here is lunch we've got kind of like
a turkey
egg some spinach sorry some
salad and some avocado oh i thought i'd
lift it up because otherwise you can't
see but yeah honestly it's just so so
good i could just
oh i just love this i've also just put
some tomato ketchup on
top of course i just thought i'd chop it
up so you can actually see
delicious right now the plan is to make
a smoothie
i'm like obsessed with smoothies at the
moment you know when you go through
those phases
that's i'm currently going through one
of those and i'm fancying like
a berry kind of protein smoothie today
yesterday i had a mango one they
are oh my god i love mango banana
smoothies
these always make me feel so like could
probably be in the head but i just feel
so
healthy and energized like straight
afterwards so i'm literally just gonna
put
250 grams of these like mixed
like very smedly type things
and i'm just using 20 grams of
cookies and cream whey protein
just some milk
[Music]
nothing
here is the finished smoothie bowl
you could also make it obviously like
into a smoothie if you'd prefer but i
just want it a bit thicker today
you just like add some extra water or
milk but yeah this
is so good and i've just sprinkled some
desiccated
coconut on at the top and that is
literally all you need really
super high volume which is always one of
my faves
this is so nice because it's not like
too
sweet you know it's um like too much and
sour
hey so we're back and it is dinner time
and i'm really fancying like i'm not
chicken
like in a sauce so i've just had a quick
look in my fridge and i've got like
i think i'm gonna make like a chicken
sriracha
type thing like a tomato sauce using
some chopped tomatoes and then
this add some seasoning leave it to like
marinate for a little bit
but i'll show you anyway three chicken
breasts
then i'm just gonna like mix up some
seasoning paprika
garlic like my usual some hot cheese
sauce
mixed with some tomato
30 grams of sriracha mixed with like one
tin
for three chicken breasts
[Music]
i need some lazy chopped garlic
just pop the chicken in
so i've just put my chicken in the
fridge to like marinade for about 20
minutes
like the longer the better but if you're
like stuck on time
you don't need to worry about marinating
it you can just pop it straight in the
oven and just
uh started like steaming some sweet
potatoes i'm really fancy and it's so
random
like sweet potato mash god knows why but
um
yeah so i'm just gonna make something i
didn't really plan tonight's dinner just
gone with what i fancy just whilst i'm
waiting for everything
um i just wanted to mention something
that i talked about a bit on a caption
this week
which is basically like it was only a
few years ago
where i was someone who was eating
healthy
like 90 of the time and
going to the gym like i didn't struggle
with like going to the gym
i was wondering like why am i not
getting results like why
didn't i look a certain way that i was
that i felt like i was putting the time
into and stuff like long story short
obviously there's loads of ins and outs
but it was just
literally down to i was i was trying to
imitate someone else's like
diet and what worked for them rather
than focusing on like what works for me
i had so many like negative
common tendencies to cut out like
certain food groups all together
and they were almost always like all my
favorite types of foods to eat
like mainly like carbohydrates as well
and i
never like i didn't get the results that
i was hoping for doing so
if you can relate to what i'm saying all
it comes down to is just you've really
got to ask yourself and challenge
yourself like
sit down and just question yourself like
why have i got this mentality that i
can't have like
x y or z certain food actually look into
it and research it and i can guarantee
it's probably a complete myth that
you've made up in your own head or like
that's
pretty inaccurate it all just comes down
to like you really should
focus on you yourself and focus on the
foods that you love
not what sandra at the gym you know what
she hates or
loves and don't compare to someone
else's physique like i could eat
your diet and get completely different
results you could eat my diet and
get you know completely different
results just very
different from person to person and
that's the best thing i
learned when i finally sort of realized
that and it ticked in my head
reaching your goals should always be
enjoyable and like
maintainable realistic all of that you
will have phases which will feel
much more uncomfortable than others
that's because
you're trying something completely new
um and you won't be quite used to it and
stuff
so yeah i just want to kind of touch on
that because it was something i really
struggled with
and also by the time this video is up i
will have uploaded
a beginner's guide to getting started in
the gym
so definitely give that a check out i'm
gonna go check out give that a watch
um if you are someone who is just like
starting out and things
so i've just popped the chicken phillips
with the sauce
gonna pop this in the oven put the
temperature in the oven
with the chicken in to 200 degrees
and that'll cook in about 25 to half an
hour
just keep an eye on it i'm just going to
set a timer these are out of the
steamer so soft
[Music]
so this has just come out of the oven
here is my dinner and there's still
like one and a half chicken breasts left
but it smells
so nice and absolutely love that
sriracha sauce i'm just going to sit
down
and eat this
[Music]
so i got i took penalty on and then a
little walk
a second ago it wasn't a second ago
actually
um and i just ordered some frozen yogurt
from
my favorite like local frozen yogurt
place
i've just got plain lotus biscuit in
size medium honestly you get absolutely
loads and it's really like low sugar
and stuff like that just my favorite
thing ever i did used to go like
seriously all out with the toppings but
it got a bit ridiculous
like probably around christmas time last
year i was just getting these daily with
like chocolate brownie on top
the whole shebang and so i kind of put
my own toppings on
now so i'm just gonna get in the shower
i'll pop this in the fridge
for now and we're just um
if you watch the movie in bed
have you seen anything good
netflix or something it's quite late
like we've i've worked
four past nine yeah um i'm just trying
to quick tidy up
and about sat on the laptop like working
away
i really enjoy what i do and i'm so
passionate
um otherwise i wouldn't hold it to do it
all right
just like anything i guess okay
this is most of the one that he just
made like
how good does that look with the
toppings i now need to
so i'm gonna put a bit of cashew butter
some flax seed i always think flaxseed
looks
more looks like it tastes nicer than it
actually is
personal opinion probably unpopular and
a bit sweet freedom
so you're watching the devil on netflix
so yeah i really hope you enjoyed this
video
do let me know what you would like to
see in
the next ones and let me know as always
if you try any of my
recipes in the comments down below and
if you haven't already i'd love you to
stick around by
subscribing to my channel and also
liking this video
supporting your girl and i'll see you
guys in the next video